hello mister goal come to a small
unboxing the encase snap case for that
iphone 5 the crash net case is one
relatively expensive case but also the money
worth I have so far already at
've used the iPhone 4 two years
long in use it has say
and write three to five falls were
about survived the case had one though
a few scraps but the iphone was
completely intact for this reason
I invested this 30 euros and thinks
they are very good this time
invested
long story short we catch that
whole just out of the packaging
very simple
this much easier to remove
like the previous model
then we have a bit here too
Packed and then have packaging
we also here the case small
paper in it
then we have the lettering from here
encase up here for the
control elements served in the tiebreak
button here for these loudly soft keys
and here below also omitted and yes it
is nice and clear
Here we have a flash lite ring
I'll just call it now
This is to prevent you from the lightning
of the iphones for washed out at the picture
so then we would just have the whole thing
Here I have to say I always have
fear because of this elixir story
that I scratch my iphone here
but brought in and how to get here
able to see
the recess for the sleep button
Perfect for the loud quiet rules
as well as the mute button also
super accessible and down here the
Audio socket wide connector and boxes
excellently left out
the back of the flash lite ring too
excellent to see
not personally it bothers one now
Little bit that I am here so this
spaceman have water stains
apart from the fingerprints
but it can also be related to it
that i already have on my iphone
have applied protective film and this
stop accordingly now
appears as it looks like fits
the perfect I have one too
slight survive I do not know if you can
that can see so accurately
that protects me the iphone or the
display if I have it here, of course
put on it and say great
Part 30 euro sits perfectly you can
do not complain
So you can also like a device
Invest 30 euros in tschuldigung
That's what it was, too
already a whole unboxing lightweight
next time give more videos
Let's see how I get to it and
how to handle the equipment
I am still filming with the ipad 3
but it does not matter now
in this sense, I wish you still
Have a nice evening until then